Infobesity

Also known as infoxication or information overload

When was the last time you read a book? I know it's been a while for me. Now that I am becoming aware of the issue, I'm trying to figure out why that is. Well, it doesn't help that books put me to sleep when I'm tired, that's for sure :) 

But take the example of evening time, when I could have most success at such endeavor: I will  be browsing my Facebook page trying to catch up with my feeds … and they never seem to end … Or some afternoons, I will grab my laptop and loose myself in websites and blogs and marking events in my calendar (some more tech than others :D). And while doing all this browsing and reading, I keep debating if I should rather open that classic fiction book waiting for me on the shelf. And I tell my self that, as soon as I finish this one last blog, I will get that book in my hands. But then it doesn't really happen (or rarely does it ever). I am “doomed” to spend my time on the Internet. Forever :)

I do get to read though, sometimes. I was able to finish a few books last year. More notably, I have about 5 or 6 waiting in queue on my Kindle. So many actually, that I resolved not to download any one more until I finish reading those I started. So far, so good – finished Unbroken (boy that was hard to read; I felt at times that I held an encyclopedia on WWII in my hands). And I still have Goldfish lined up (not sure if that will make it through because the beginning was too intense for me). 

Where am I going with all this? I think I have a case of infobesity. And I suspect most of us do. I've been pondering for a while now on “the information beast” and how it's so hard to keep under control (or to learn how to). Like I used to waste endless hours on social media sites before I realized I need to get going with my work. Or I'd be coding and I'd open the browser to search for documentation only to find myself sidetracked by some tech article or forum. This sounds like I might be learning a lot, but I've come to realize that the actual coding is the real deal.

So here I am, writing yet another blog for you to read :D Make sure you close the device after finishing it and you grab that book :)






